so to set up metamask let's press this
get started button
and then it'll say are you new to
metamask if you're not you can put in
your secret recovery phrase or
if you are new well let's get set up
let's create a wallet
it's going to ask you if you want to
help improve
metamask gather usage data for now i'm
going to press no thanks
and we're going to have to fill in a
password so choose any password that's a
minimum of eight characters and has at
least a number and a special character
and by doing that
what we'll do is we'll be able to create
a metamask account
we'll select i have read and i agree to
the terms and we'll press create
by creating the password
now
it's going to show us a short
informational video about the secret
recovery phrase i recommend that each
and every one of you watch this video
into its completion but let's go over it
what is the secret recovery phrase your
secret recovery phrase is a 12 word
phrase that is your master key to your
wallet and your funds it's extremely
important that you keep this it's not
the password we just filled in this is a
separate thing it's the master key
always keep it always store it and i'm
changing my tone because it's extremely
extremely important how do i save my
recovery phrase well you can save it in
a password manager in a bank fault in a
safe deposit box write it down store it
in multiple places should i share it
never ever share it
now the reason that this is so important
to store and don't take it lightly
because often we just
whatever
if you lose this
and you lose access to your account you
can never ever ever recover any part of
your account
that's a scary thought but it is the
truth people have lost millions and
millions and millions in bitcoin that
are lost in the ether forever because
they have forgotten their secret
recovery phrase
take it seriously watch the video and
then we'll come back to this